Updated README (#41)
UBC-MDS/rpuck: README.md

  - `attendance(regular=True, playoffs=True, start_season=NULL,
    end_season=NULL)`:
      - The attendance() function makes a query to the Attendance API to

>         get the NHLвЂ™s seasonal and playoff attendance numbers. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        get the NHL's seasonal and playoff attendance numbers. The
```
